Openthread coap example doc changes (#3)
lmaciejonczyk/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/net/openthread/coap_server/README.rst

.. _coap_server_sample:

OpenThread: CoAP Server
#######################

> The OpenThread CoAP Server sample demonstrates interactions between nodes performing different Thread roles with the use of OpenThread and CoAP protocol.

Reviewer: So this is basically identical to the Client sample? Can I use both interchangeably? ;)
Please expand this introduction a bit and make it meaningful for both the client and the server as if they were standalone samples, for example, in very simplified manner:
```
The OpenThread CoAP client sample demonstrates controlling light resources of other nodes within an OpenThread network. To show this interaction, the sample requires another sample with a light resource available, for example <link to CoAP server>.
```  
And similar description for the CoAP server. Very basic, as you just want to understand what this sample is about when reading this.

Overview
********

> You can use this sample application as a starting point to implement a CoAP application.

Reviewer: OK, but please explain what a CoAP application is, even just by expanding the acronym.
And provide more technical details. This needs to be way more detailed than the introduction, if possible.

> This sample uses native OpenThread CoAP API for communication. For example usage of Zephyr CoAp API refer to :ref:`coap_client_sample`

Reviewer: So this line is identical to the one in the client sample. One thing is that when I search for CoAP API in the client sample doc, I find this line and come back here, so it's a loop. This needs to be changed. If this refers to Zephyr, then link to Zephyr. If to the other sample, make sure there is more information about this API in the other sample.

Author: This line is exact opposite to the one on the client side:) Dependencies point to the proper documentation for given example, but I repeat that here too.

> Requirements

Reviewer: All the comments from the client sample about this section are valid for server sample as well.

User interface
**************

> The following board buttons are used by this sample:

Reviewer: No need for this sentence, also because you mention buttons, but describe buttons and LEDs. Delete this.

Button 4:

>     Pressing results in etering pairing mode for the limited amount of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Pressing results in entering the pairing mode for a limited period of time.
```
What is this period? Where it is defined?

LED 3:

>     Indicates pairing mode enabled when blinking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Blinks when the pairing mode is enabled.
```

LED 4:

>     Turned on and off from the CoAP Clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Turned on and off by messages sent from the client nodes.
```

Building and running
********************
.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/net/openthread/coap_server`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

> Testing

Reviewer: See my comments to the client's Testing section and apply the relevant changes here as well.

* :ref:`zephyr:kernel`:

  * ``include/kernel.h``

> OpenThread CoAP API documentation is available `here <https://openthread.io/reference/group/api-coap>`_.

Reviewer: Isn't this needed for the client sample as well? If so, make it into a project-wide link in `links.txt`.
See "Hyperlinks" in https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/doc_styleguide.html for details.

Author: No, As stated in the last line of the overview both samples demonstrate different api usage. This one demonstrates api provided by openthread while the client sample provides native zephyr api usage.
For those two samples we have decided to demonstrate both possibilities. In the future examples we plan to stick only with Zephyrs CoAP API, however it is still poorly implemented and needs some rework.
